Given a claim, find documents that refute the claim.
Given a web search query, retrieve relevant passages that answer the query.
Given a scientific claim, retrieve documents that illustrate the factuality of the claim.
Given a question, retrieve Wikipedia passages that answer the question.
Given a query, retrieve relevant entity descriptions from DBPedia.
Given a financial question, retrieve user replies that best answer the question.
Given a multi-hop question, retrieve documents that can help answer the question.
Given a web search query, retrieve relevant passages that answer the query.
Given a question, retrieve Wikipedia passages that answer the question.
Given a scientific paper title, retrieve paper abstracts that are cited by the given paper.
Given a scientific claim, retrieve documents that illustrate the factuality of the claim.
Given a question, retrieve detailed and persuasive arguments that answer the question.
Given a query on COVID-19, retrieve documents that answer the query.
Given a book title, retrieve the book's reviews.
Given a movie quote, retrieve the movie script that includes the quote.
Given a short story, retrieve similar stories.
Given a cryptocurrency's name, retrieve recent news articles discussing the cryptocurrency.
Given a topic, retrieve blog posts that discuss the topic.
Given a book title, retrieve academic articles that analyze the book.
Given a statement made by a politician, retrieve articles that fact-check the statement.
Given a cooking technique, retrieve recipes that utilize this technique.
Given an athlete's name, retrieve news articles about their best performance in games.
Given a disaster name, retrieve academic articles studying its impact and causes.
Given a controversial topic, retrieve editorials that argue both sides of the issue.
Given the title of an artwork, retrieve critiques that discuss the artwork and its interpretation.
Given a scientific theory, retrieve academic articles that support or refute the theory.
Given a song title, retrieve lyrics and interpretations of the song.
Given a country's name, retrieve the latest economic or political news about the country.
Given an airplane accident, retrieve investigation reports or news coverage about the accident.
Given a quote, retrieve documents that identify the quote's author and context.
Given an unfamiliar acronym, retrieve documents that expand and explain the meaning of the acronym.
Given a yoga pose, retrieve tutorials on how to properly execute that pose.