Given a document that supports a debatable argument, retrieve another document that contains opposite arguments.
Given a lengthy business proposal, retrieve competitive business strategies in the same industry.
Given an argument, retrieve documents that argue against it.
Given a passage, retrieve passages which criticize it.
Given a news article, retrieve news articles that contain the opposite information.
Given a paper introduction, retrieve other paper introduction that verify or refute its conclusion.
Given a paper abstract, retrieve other paper that are cited by the paper.
Given an invention, retrieve news articles that appreciate it.
Given a technology introduction, retrieve passages about it disadvantages.
Given a scientific theory, retrieve articles that debunk it.
Given a conspiracy theory, retrieve articles that refute it.
Given a theory introduction, retrieve passages that support it.
Given a passage, retrieve passages that review it.
Given a scientific theory, retrieve its evidence documents.
Given a passage, retrieve relevant questions to it.
Given a movie script, retrieve its relevant characters' introduction.
Given the script of a suspenseful movie, retrieve its plot Analyses.
Given a paper abstract, retrieve sections discussing the experimental results.
Given the experimental result in a scientific paper, retrieve its abstract.
Given a biography, retrieve passages that illustrate the person's achievements in details.
Given the script of a comedy movie, retrieve news articles arguing that the movie is not sufficiently humorous.
Given a meme, retrieve articles that explain its origin and development.
Given a public figure's biography, retrieve news articles that doubt his achievements.
Given a city's tourism guide, retrieve sections explaining historical landmarks.
Given a financial report, retrieve news articles discussing the company's financial health.
Given a business plan, retrieve sections discussing financial projections.
Given a historical document, retrieve scholarly articles discussing its significance.
Given a social media post, retrieve other posts from users with similar interests and behaviors.
Given a weather forecast, retrieve news articles that discuss potential weather-related dangers.
Given a book summary, retrieve the introduction of other books that have the opposite argument with it.
Given a theory, retrieve the descriptions of experiment which conclude it.
Given a medical record, retrieve research papers discussing treatment options.
Given a sports game summary, retrieve articles that discuss the game.
Given a patent application, retrieve patents with overlapping claims
Given a financial report, retrieve analysis and commentary related to it
Given a war memoir, retrieve historical accounts of the same period.
Given the end of a story, retrieve the beginning of the story